Clarification Idea: DateTime.Date (#168)
MicrosoftDocs/query-docs: query-languages/m/datetime-date.md

  
## About

> Returns the date component of value `dateTime`, if that input is a `date`, `datetime`, or `datetimezone` value. If, instead, `null` is input, `null` is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the date component of the `dateTime` parameter if the parameter is a `date`, `datetime`, or `datetimezone` value, or `null` if the parameter `null`.
```
